update garage-sign reference for aktualizr version 2020.10 (#1806)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/garage-sign-reference.adoc

+++</div></details>+++

+++<details><summary>+++

> `user-keys [gen|id|importpub]`: Manages keys stored outside of a specific repository's directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`user-keys [gen|id|importpub]`: Manages keys stored outside of a specific repository directory.
```

+++</div></details>+++

+++<details><summary>+++

> `user-keys importpub`: Imports a public key and stores it in a configurable location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`user-keys importpub`: Imports a public key and stores it in a configurable location.
```

+++</div></details>+++

+++<details><summary>+++

> `root [pull|push|get-unsigned|increment-version|key|targets-key|sign|set-threshold]`: Manages root-of-trust metadata for a repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`root [pull|push|get-unsigned|increment-version|key|targets-key|sign|set-threshold]`: Manages the root-of-trust metadata of a repository.
```

+++</div></details>+++

+++<details><summary>+++

> `root set-threshold`: Sets threshold for Root role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`root set-threshold`: Sets the threshold for the Root role.
```

+++</summary><div>+++

[.release_notes]
[cols="15m,75a"]
|====================

> | -t, --threshold | Threshold for Root role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -t, --threshold | The threshold for the Root role.
```

+++</div></details>+++

+++<details><summary>+++

> `targets [init|add|add-uploaded|delete|sign|pull|push|increment-version|get-unsigned|upload|delegations|set-threshold]`: (Only for repositories of the `reposerver` type) Manages Targets metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`targets [init|add|add-uploaded|delete|sign|pull|push|increment-version|get-unsigned|upload|delegations|set-threshold]`: (Only for repositories of the `reposerver` type) Manages the Targets metadata.
```

| --name | The name of the target.
| --version | {version}
| --hardwareids | {hardware-ids}

> | --verifyIntegrity | Verify integrity of a target that you previously uploaded before adding to metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --verifyIntegrity | Verifies the integrity of the previously uploaded target before adding it to the metadata.
```

|====================
+++</div></details>+++

+++<details><summary>+++

> `targets set-threshold`: Sets threshold for Targets role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`targets set-threshold`: Sets the threshold for the Targets role.
```

+++</summary><div>+++

[.release_notes]
[cols="15m,75a"]
|====================

> | -t, --threshold | Threshold for Targets role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -t, --threshold | The threshold for the Targets role.
```
